---
layout: post
title: "J. Cole"
hyperlink: /J-Cole/
---

                                Mini-Biography

Jermaine Lamarr Cole was born on January 28th, 1985 to a white German mother & black American father on a U.S. military base in Frankfurt, Germany. At a young age, he was always into poetry and making music. His rise to fame came with the release of his mixtape, Friday Night Lights which is considered one of the best Hip-Hop mixtapes of all-time. He is one of the biggest rap artists/producers in the conscious rap scene during the last decade.

                                Discography

Mixtapes:

The Come Up (May 4, 2007):
- Certifications: N/A
- Biggest Songs: Simba, Dolla and a Dream, Dead Presidents.

The Warm Up (June 15, 2009):
- Certifications: N/A
- Biggest Songs: Grown Simba, Lights Please, I get up.

Friday Night Lights(November 12, 2010): 
- Certifications: N/A
- Biggest Songs: You Got It, Enchanted, Blow Up.

Albums:

Cole World: The Sideline Story(September 27, 2011):
- Certifications: RIAA Certified Platinum.
- Biggest Songs: Work Out, Can't Get Enough, Who dat.

Born Sinner(June 18, 2013): 
- Certifications: RIAA Certified 2x Platinum.
- Biggest Songs: Forbidden Fruit, Crooked Smile, She knows.

2014 Forest Hills Drive (December 09, 2014): 
- Certifications: RIAA Certified 3x Platinum.
- Biggest Songs: No Role Modelz, G.O.M.D., Wet Dreamz.

4 Your Eyez Only (December 09, 2016): 
- Certifications: RIAA Certified Platinum.
- Biggest Songs: Deja Vu, Neighbors, Immortal.

KOD (April 20, 2018): 
- Certifications: RIAA Certified Platinum.
- Biggest Songs: KOD, Kevin's Heart, 1985.

                                Accolades

Himself: 
- BET Hip-Hop Awards Best Live Performer (2015).
- BET Hip-Hop Awards Lyricist of the Year (2018).

Friday Night Lights: 
- BET Hip-Hop Awards Best Mixtape (2011).

Crooked Smile: 
- BET Hip-Hop Awards Impact Track (2013).

2014 Forest Hills Drive: 
- BET Hip-Hop Awards Album of the Year(2015).
- Billboard Music Awards Top Rap Album (2015).s

Love Yourz: 
- BET Hip-Hop Awards Impact Track(2016).

A lot w/ 21 Savage: 
- BET Hip-Hop Awards Impact Track (2019).
- Grammy Awards Best Rap Song (2020).

& many more!

                        Our Ratings/Thoughts on the Artist.

Mankirat:

Christian: